it's 57, right?
But they say the hostages are
unlikely to be released,
so don't worry about it, ma'am.
Really?
The hostages won't be released?
But still,
you shouldn't be clapping.
From now on,
30 of you who are to be released
will get out of the dorm
with the ANSP agent.
Go out one by one in order.
Follow me in order. Be careful.
Keep your heads down.
I need to go to the restroom!
You have it easy, you bastard.
Cleaned up with new clothes.
Hey, you wear this.
-No, give that to me.
-No.
Hey!
Mr. Lee.
They say they'll leave here in nine days.
Is that true?
Soo-ho said that?
Did he tell you that?
Yes.
He said they'll leave quietly.
But why nine days later?
Don't tell anyone
what I'm about to tell you.
I told you!
Where's the money bag?
You think I'm crazy? Why would I tell you?
I'll take that money with me
no matter what
and give you your share. Just count on me.
Don't touch me.
What's your problem?
We both were born to wrong parents.
We should help each other!
Stop!
Damn it!
Yes, I'm uneducated and poor.
I received nothing from my parents,
except this body!
But do you know how hard
I'm trying to save my ill father?
You think I'm like you,
a leech living off his old father?
You b****.
What do you know about me?
Who are you to judge me?
Do you have any idea
what kind of man Kim Man-dong is?
You communist bastard!
You're dead meat.